ENH New method to get metadata without a network request (#43)
silverstripe/supported-modules: README.md

Metadata and some supporting PHP logic for determining which branches of various GitHub repositories relate to which versions of Silverstripe CMS.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Only the `main` branch of this repository is maintained. Stable tags must be manually created from the `main` branch. There is no auto tagging via a GitHub action. The `3`, `4`, and `5` branches are legacy and should not be referenced going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Only the `main` branch of this repository is maintained. Stable tags must be manually created from the `main` branch. There is no auto tagging via a GitHub action. All branches other than `main` are legacy and should not be referenced going forward.
```

Author: Updated
